[Music]
Good afternoon how are you family
How are you girls Carmen
Hello How are you Good afternoon good
afternoon Well here we are starting
this new season we have
even given it a name what do you think of the
name El Corrillo very appropriate very good
corrillo p anything is worth it we have named
this section El Corrillo we are going to try
every Monday we are going to comply This time
yes okay this time we are going to in fact
ordered an intro and I told him Look you have to
put Carmen you have to
put Consuelo you have to put
FJ Elena is missing the good one on Mondays well
whoever can upload if one day one can't
such but we are going to be here on
Mondays every day okay you liked the
name and if you had put cotilleando
too but the thing is that cotille there is a forum
that I don't like very much and
then I brought I brought back memories of
Vietnam and I said El Corrillo haven't in
El Corrillo I think that Hey
listen to me when we invent other things the I do
n't know what names that in the end have
become popular because we have
done it  Consuelo you who's half there
Consuelo Flores since since since since let's go
you can put whatever you want
for example let's see now s but what is that
in all the same as if with my
name and surname I appear everywhere
Same I
put it I wanted to put email address let's
see I can put whatever I want I have
Twitter on yes same I put the tiktok account
to m Carmen a doesn't put Twitter for me put x
okay so I mean here putting Twitter no no
x x I'm more modern than you Jai I
call it Twitter it's always going to be
called Twitter I still call it Twitter
come on I can't imagine anyone
telling you that here but well another
thing well in charge an intro let's
see how it turns out I trust it's going to be
very cool and on Sunday our
Marina returns every Sunday Marina returns
everyone at
8 in the t today this week's thing is
going to be an exceptional thing because I have
the gym at 10 at night it's something
very rare but well kid how
could you square it but normally
we'll try to make it man We are on
winter time either I don't think so
10:30 no but maybe 9:30 9 no something like that we'll
talk about it and we'll meet
But well not Wednesday Wednesday
no starting this Sunday Sunday Wednesday
Mondays the Corrillo and I have to
call Marta Riesco who told me that
this week she was going to come to telesalseo I
have to take her word very well mar
also because the atmosphere is that and so
we ask her all because surely we
all have a question for her is that
true I have to bring I have to
try to bring when we sit down the
Corrillo and bringing like
a guest is here with us
and Marta has no
problem in quick she can have no
problems they don't give her problems
Sandoval came too yes it's true right and he
asked permission so they knew you know
So no No man I understand on the
contrary
no their channel is also
a promotion for
them we have to collaborate Hey I would go
Consuelo yes if they call you they don't
call me they have me in their ranks I would
go wherever you went I would go wherever I
have no problem confronting or
talking or any problem but  I
understand that those from sálvame, the
quicky channel, now have me in line on
tiktok, they have me very targeted and their face is
very Belén Esteban, it's true, Belén
Esteban, Esteban named me in the delux,
imagine if now I show up there and he
named you, he thought I was related to
Antonio David, it's not true, yes, yes, yes,
Ah, because of the last name, yes, yes, they made it
clear to me, he has me, I understand, eh, Because
I have been very critical of them on tiktok
during the sálvame era, I
understand it, and, well, I know how this
game works, and I know how it works, and there's no
problem, let's go, just like they know it,
my Carmen was going straight, no, oh, no,
no, Javi, seriously, no, Why? Ah, well, look, I
believe that, no, no, I don't believe it, I don't
know, it's just that, this TV thing, for me,
they are still TV, even though they are
on YouTube, they are still TV, and to me, this
TV thing, I don't know, it gives me a bit of
good, it has a bit of a format,
anyway, For example, with me, I am very,
very critical of
Belén I don't know if she would be a
suitable guest there I think that these people don't care about
those things eh I'll tell you
one thing after all after seeing
Marta's war with them and her
being there after that
anything Well but now Marta is all
wonderful she loves them all she loves them
all and there I tell Belén what are you doing I don't
know I don't know if I couldn't say goodbye to
Carmen but the thing is that Marta is
very
good at what she does I like more in fact I
like her more when she's a reporter the
truth is when she's on the street I think she
shines but the thing is I do
like her and the world to me That crazy Marta really
entertained me Yes yes on the
street she does very well Marta on the street
is magnificent besides she doesn't have it
was sálvame Marta was totally a good fit for
the program yes
totally well well let's see what comes and she
tells us because I'm going to take her word for it
and I don't know I'll invite her on Thursday or something like
that well Wednesday Marina
is not here yet can invite her on Wednesday or
whenever she can well that
the last hour appeared that  they want to
close down our channel we're going to be left without
channels what a disgrace Well I think they
want it straight eh but how ugly No that how
bad it looked no I think it
was a smokescreen What's coming
now a strike And you say it's from an
old video no it's from an
old video so old it's from June but
man it's not a current video it's very strange
Now I think a smokescreen
so that people talk about the strike and don't
talk
about Patiño has won I think it's so
bad so bad with the
Patiño case that she's the
one who gets upset even when
talking to
but it hasn't looked so bad either let's see it's
simply that once she
was acquitted she has the option of
appealing to go through civil channels that's not
looking bad it's a way of
interpreting the demand to judge her and
now she can appeal through other means she
doesn't have to become a martyr or
pity her and go back to the same thing again Let's
see it's only a sentence and
an acquittal nothing more And now what happens
with the channel that I
thought I was winning that it was
a blow because it's that we all thought
I was winning by  you thought so Everyone but
me didn't think so How strange I
said that I saw María very sure and
that I didn't see that issue so clearly Well
but it's that we're sure too I thought
that Antonio David would win since they didn't
put it like that They were already selling it Like
what about I thought that Antonio
David would win Seriously too eh it's that I thought he had
won the truth is that eh
[ __ ] the truth is that María Patiño
the fake news got a little out of hand
Damn She assured that there was
a trial that she had seen the
cameras I don't know what story Yes yes there on
that wall on That wall where Antonio
had pasted the posters is that and then it
was reaffirmed in the next program that of course
what happens is that
no it would not qualify as something criminal in the
end many times a lie is not a
crime a lie If you are not
charging him with a crime and of course what
the sentence says is good in any
case he is charging him with the act
of hanging posters to victimize himself, that
is, they are the crimes of
course one thing I now think one thing
María Patiño always said that they did not
find more than two or three posters  And
the truth is that no one taught more than
those that one can be true Maybe
out of two or three they put 500 I think
that I think that 500 were not I mean
500 outrageous I do not
believe if they had seen I do not know man
maybe two or three either but c 10 but
that have not been seen none nobody has
recorded for example Rocío Flores they
warned her nobody sent her a video Hey
look Rocío Look at all the posters
hanging around here nobody nobody has recorded
anything it was a time when badly the
focus of the information that the
daddies were day and night There we go that then they
say that in the sentence it is seen that they
say that the security cameras in the
pile in the parking lot you can not see at the
door of the parking lot not a lot of
posters or anything gentlemen where were
the posters You know why
Also do you believe that it is the
truth I think that there was only one
poster that was the one they put up for the
photo and that's it And that was invented
by his side to give him more
Carmen is convincing me of what
Rocío had done look at you because of guilt  from this
woman the beating that
this poor man is receiving here in his very
blow and that's it for the person
who the person who did it the person whoever it
was He thought maybe by doing that he would
stop what was being created
maybe it was out of pity Then and believe but I
think not to stop it because come on I don't
think that would have stopped Rocío that it
seemed but it gave it more drama
more like
poor the estimation of the people the
first one was Throwing it in half or it had already
finished No no it had already
finished it had already finished but Olga
was Olga was survivors
then but when Olga were
survivors Olga was
survivors and don't you think that much of a
coincidence that waiting for him to be
in Madrid also for the posters to come out
no let's see I think that really
he knows everything he knows perfectly well
even when he was when he is In
Malaga and when not because he does know the
path of the girl
Look I think that I think I think I
come to believe the same as Carmen that it
is exaggerated I'm not going to tell you if
a poster Maybe four 5
10 but I think that it
was not fake  that's why I think
some idiot went and pasted some poster or
whatever and they said No 500
500 Go on Go on Go on there 500 you know
500 what is 500 is a day job is that 500
500 he put it to someone who distributes propaganda and
spends the
morning you know I don't think
they pasted it up for real either because [ __ ] it
would be heavy that I think there was
none pasted
anywhere what happens that peg has seen not one
image Javi You're welcome do you think nobody
recorded Hey look along the way it's
not seen that the only image we have
is
someone recording the others s No nobody thought of
sending a or anything nor I think there
could have been a pile they were
lying around the parking lot
like Rocío saw it picked it up and
all but from there to them being
hanging all over the street like they said I do
n't know well there were some witnesses if
there were who said they saw some There
weren't people who said yes  that I had
seen them it sounds like people people saying
no others saying no in
socialite that nobody had seen anything And
yes it sounds like in Ana Rosa It
seems to me that Marta connected with someone on
Ana Rosa's show saying that yes there
were posters put up or something like that
that they said that they were going to
say more things both Marta and María
Patiño that they were going to say more things let's see
what they say because today I think they have not
spoken about the subject but the point is that
María got out of hand, cog and
sign no no there is a trial any
journalist can see it and the trial is
there at hand for anyone who wants to
see it and it's like and since it doesn't exist you know or I don't know there
should not be of course at
least it should have been checked if it's
true That is true I think not
civil eh because in the end the
argument would be a bit the same, I
mean and civil what I mean if in the end they
are not accusing you I mean in any case it
is a false accusation but it is not a day let's
see there is a damage of mockery of mockery no
because of course there everyone
did was laugh  Antonio looks
but then the image of Antonia doesn't
change I mean, due to a bad sentence, what he
says is the reputation of Antonia vi is
based on other things and it doesn't
change because of this I mean, it hasn't changed
well And if it is, if it is a false accusation, there is no
punishment whatsoever as a false accusation
If it were, if it were a false accusation and
they get caught But well, let's
start, false, from whom
in journalism But who, but but a
Rio Flores, for example, refers not to the fact that
Rocío Flores reported
something, it is assumed that they knew it was a
lie, openly, let's see, it is assumed that if it
were a false accusation that she
made with the knowledge that she is
lying, it happens but of course that
maybe Antonio David can hang up, that he does
not tell his daughter that he has not hung up.
Of course, the daughter does not know that it is a. Of course,
in the case that hbi ant, of course, she
puts it because she has found herself, I mean,
no, that is impossible, I think that
María Patiño should have been more
careful, she came. I think that María Patiño
what happened is that she had, like, the first
period when she was against the
documentary, they shot her in the ear And
then later she wanted to, like  advance and And
be the one who supported the documentary the most And
then she left,
yes, yes, she got excited, she
totally got excited Not the one who most, the
sliding Carlota who was never heard from again,
no, what happens is that later It's true
that they take cover Why do you think there were
ear pulls towards some and then others
could maintain that they didn't believe in anything in
the documentary because Matamoro mania that I did
n't believe Matamoros, for example, Sister
Matamoros always didn't believe anything that was said
But because she is a very strong Pilar, she was
a very strong Pilar of
salv a strong Pilar let's see Matamoro
maintains her position with Roso Carrasco
chicken this chicken that but Patiño at
first doubted the
documentary or rather something that you but
maybe at first you doubt it and
then it ends up convincing you, let's say I don't want to
play the lawyer up to date either but
maybe at first you doubt it and
then it ends up convincing you to say damn I have
lived through those moments when
this man did I don't know but because I
believe that people who have not been in favor
have continued working on the program
too Yes  but one thing is that you
attack eh what you have experienced with
Rocio Carrasco Hey, well this doesn't affect me well
this but Patiño would go to for example
to Jorge he said
No but not against Fidel
against the production company he would act mar
Patino would act no no no here I
cento them if you want me to talk about this subject I
'm going to contradict you and he gave to
understand as if the others you know
then that's where the shot goes more that
for example Jesús Manuel confronted
Carlota corredera eh And of course there they clashed
you know there they clashed then they are not all the
same I mean in the end it's not the same an
Antonio Montero who has an agency you
know what I'm telling you than a
Jesús Manuel is that there were many also
who said No no it's that I didn't believe
Rocío but I saw the first chapter and such
well I saw the first chapter part not
all and I was unable to continue watching it
because I saw a lot of
falsehood but tears false falsehood
But you have not seen what she was
telling was what we have seen
this man do seen only the beginning
Carmen no  I can only judge the
beginning I
would ask Kiko Matamoros
today I would ask Kiko Matamoros
today if He still thinks the same thing he
thought about the documentary I think so
because he talked about it the other day eh I think
Matamoros yes yes yes yes And also the
other day when Maria said about the
lawsuit he was the only one of all of them everyone was
very happy when Maria said that she had
won and he had like a
reluctance didn't you see him say something
he said Yes I think that Matamoros still
thinks like he did at the beginning about what about what
the documentary is
and the accusations eh as such the
accusations let's say I still think the
same okay but not about Antonio David
Antonio David I believed he was
different when I when I when we
met him I still think the
same I never liked him when I
was in chronicles I never liked him yes I
still think the same about the
dismissal that it was very badly done it was fatal I
also didn't know much about him eh
series yes a character from there on TV what
was like
Look I'll repeat the same thing
and maybe there is  people how are you but I
used to buy magazines and I used to
dedicate myself with a pen like I was
there waiting at the bar and such I
dedicated myself while people came in and not to
paint the faces of the because I
bought you a cu
of already but it's not that you had the magazines I
bought them for the magazines Well nothing
but Antonio David is a character that I
always always put horns on him always
horns and a
goatee I swear it was for his face like that
Just I swear to you
perill a devil like implanting you
Karma no no face I knew quite a bit what
had happened back then what hadn't happened I
was more worried about
like devil's day not like something like that Yes it is that it
is the face that gave for it
like others I had cto soon there was a certain
soon ot moles things like that there were
certain soons in the reality shows that that
no I mean it happens right that
I the programs programs the resume
that he has on television is what he has and
nobody can take that away from him But well that does
n't
take away in that cornered for example in
cornered you saw a lot of how his personality is
that well with sides A  Aida's mother,
well, I don't know if she even got to the
point of confronting him, if not, she was
very close to it, how he was with that woman.
That's it, he loses his temper, he loses his temper,
and then I
saw the sneaky side of him, he
's capable of making a
face like that at you. How good is my friend, my brother,
my such and such, and he turns around and in a minute he
's splitting you up, but putting you in the spotlight, that's what he
did with Dinio,
my brother would tell him what he did with his
classmates and then he would put him down, he would
throw him on the ground, he even manipulated Mila,
look at Mila, he
even manipulated Mila, he's a
manipulator, he had them
manipulated. Then he was implacable with the
others, my big brother for example, that
was the final straw, and what I
remember all my life is talking badly about his ex-
wife, calling her a bad daughter, a bad mother, a
bad man who sprayed her. Jurado loved
him, but how could Jurado love
you if she said that  you were such and you filed
a lawsuit How is it going that it seemed
that The orphan of the Jurado was he
still owes on the lawsuit of Rocío
Jurado or already
what Garcia Montes is still owed
yes buah a lot of money a lot of money
that eh with how well it would suit
Garcia Montear to that eh Of course he
would have taken it already with what they
paid him for his dismissal no that he would have said
eh that for me he owes it to me he had it
written down on a in a POS on the
desktop screen when he's busy
working he has a POS there that
said the first thing the first thing to pay him
grace Monte no that I go depositing I
have go on he's already taking the
piss out of me [ __ ] well having to write down what you
owe already you have a bad memory because
I wouldn't sleep well sona then right away they
scold me for you eh then right away
we catch then we
catch if they don't scold me eh
listen to me well the strike thing
maximum filth eh I mean disgusting
man disgusting Let's see is that what is that
Give me a strike But that is,
because they are
bad, not grateful, but it is not about
gratitude, much to the
youtubers, it is not about that, let's see,
that is an
argument, an argument, I'm going to say,
Antonio David called me So that I can read this
to see how this is done or how that is
done, yes, but this does not matter,
let's see even if it is a youtuber
Although no Although they do not owe anyone, that
is, for example, I do not take down the
channels of the youtubers who
have channels dedicated to me every
day putting me down, defaming,
slandering me, I do not take down their channels
Why Because the
copyright tool And although I do not live that, it is not
my concern but come on, eh,
the copyright tool is for
copyright if someone takes a live stream of
yours, uploads it or a video of yours, uploads it, what they
did is Okay, but not because you do not like being
criticized, for
that you are already using the tool for
another purpose than it is And you know the
strike On what date he posted it, that is, that
is, he
posted it yesterday, he posted it yesterday is that
I think he has joined when it was
shown to him that he copied more
than you have brought up the lawsuit And the thing is that
I think it's a smokescreen
so that people talk about this and not the
lawsuit but the lawsuit has already been brought out
but the less turns are given to it and
more Let's talk about the strike and less about the
other thing because for suego I put once or I
wanted eye I was going directly to put a strike
but he gave me the option to
ask that person if they deleted
the video that had taken of me because he had
taken a whole video and he didn't
speak or anything Only my
video is then Put it and I put
the option to delete it But they haven't
asked you but it's not that it concerns me either
let's see I can take and
all of us who are here can take
a video let's see is that there are also
reactions and there are reactions because there are
some who take they put their face in a
corner they put the video and start
eating or rather let's see no That's what they
did to me is that they didn't put anything
more than the video  lo lo if you take a
video, I mean that video was a video
in which I reacted to two pieces
of his live stream, one was when he
started saying that he doesn't take content from
anyone and that he doesn't post images from anyone and
that they are a very original channel, that
click Precisely in that same live stream
he took the thumbnail from another
colleague, okay, in addition, the thumbnail as is, he
downloaded it from a colleague's channel
and put it up himself and then in the
live stream he says no, we don't take
content from anyone and then later on,
piqui the collaborator
eh was insinuating that Marta Riesco was a [ __ ], I
mean, she practically started saying that she
wasn't known for being journalists
but maybe she was known for the
oldest profession, yeah J So I,
I reacted to those two pieces And
then the extracts, you know, are
uploaded on the lollipop But what
explanation is there for taking one that's from
June and then taking it yesterday and finding it, I do
n't understand why I mean,
why do you take a video from the pyre, do you feel bad
for the harm that has been done to her  done he pays
you what I know listen to me Marta said she was
going to report the collaborator
who said that
noce the moment she has it won okay yes even
if she has it won it won't be that they
want to remove all traces of that type
of content from the platform and that's why they
reported it to you for the
lawsuit issue That's what I thought I would
say remove it if not I'll
report it and I'll remove it But it doesn't
have it he the live has it is that I
thought it was because of that okay And I've been
looking and
the live has it uploaded I mean yes it's
true that there have been changes in the
title because here there is an extract
lawyer explains the complaint Marta Riesco
then here if you see in the W Machine Paqui
talks about the complaint against Marta Riesco and
now she changes the title and puts a bomb the
end
eh she changed the title again this
afternoon I would swear she changed
the title again this afternoon or what Ah no, it's not that
this is the live Maybe but look
doing the profession of journalism
publicly but maybe yes she had
practiced another older one I think it
was like that  like I said well
the lawyer says that you know what you
're saying we're here but no
Of course man my son one thing is
insinuations but the truth is that here there is no
insinuation you know it is said clearly
then but I do not understand it
Likewise, or rather, it is something that is on his
channel and and that he has allowed to be said on
his channel quietly, I do not see the
point in him wanting to hide it it is not that no
hiding it, it is to say that it
had no repercussions on any channel and nobody
echoed that content but you did
do it Javi Yes but this was
talked about on Twitter a lot eh let's
actually and let's see It depends on how you
want a video but yes I also spoke about it
clearly of course but not how they want to
present the defense it depends Well of course
if the big channels and it is that she
reaffirmed I mean she then the
next day others reaffirmed that what she
had said that yes such want to
present a defense to that lawsuit
evidently the less content there
is of repercussions of that the better and maybe that was why
the strike was and to remove
that but it is  that are very dirty It's that you do
n't for a while, of course, the colleagues based on
what you decide now now I want to
erase the trace Well, I'm going to put a
stress on this one who took it out at the time Of
course, but it's the only logic that I can
think of of saying well they
will be trying to remove that content
so that he cannot go to him and
present it in a trial, you understand, that
's the only thing but And now what you have to do
is that they don't know if Marta already
has that content downloaded Well,
but since they don't know just in case what they're
doing is Who has the most
impact if I can comment on it But the thing is that
I don't have impact, the one who
has impact is Javi Well, they're going to, I've thought, I've thought
that because
like Francisco said that however
Antonio saw that he was reporting
Marta Well, what I thought was that
this click Well, maybe he didn't want it
in case Marta used it in her defense, I
mean, instead of her going to, you know, instead
of Marta going to sue but
rather but of course I see it because
when you do this  filthy because
this is filthy why do you take it
and call him and ask him why you
gave me a strike kid, this, this, I
am right and this, I am going to
peel it to the end but it's like we
have to see each other in play for the
[ __ ] video you understand this, he is not
right and that's it, the first thing is that
look when someone does this thing
I have put ex to people because then
some [ __ ] has come out on Twitter
telling me you have given a strike yes I have
given a strike to people who put up 25
minutes of one of my live streams and don't
comment on it or anything or put a text below
with the title they want no
I mean, come on, there are 800 channels that I would
love not to exist that
only know how to be an [ __ ] and I don't
throw them away now if a guy takes one of
my live streams and uploads 10 minutes for
[ __ ] face man, of course I give him
a strike because to collect it,
I collect it since it's mine you understand For
example what Antonio dav did the other day
okay to take and steal a video and put it
on his channel because he thought he
had the right to do so That is
obviously for a strike Now I don't
even know how that strike got through because
normally YouTube usually rejects it
a lot of youtubers try to take down
videos of me and they usually reject them Why
Because I'm creating another
new content using a bit of theirs or rather like to
give it a try to illustrate what
I'm commenting on so I post a few
minutes a few seconds it's transformed into I
'm commenting because I'm fed up
But why does he throw it away is that I don't understand Why
throw that away because that's what I meant
Javi why do they take down the video
before looking to see if
what he says is true or not that
normally he's a robot but now there's
the appeal and in the appeal I think if they keep
looking at it and then the
appeal let's see, they've tried to
take down a video of me verd list gref they've
tried to take down videos of me real famous people you
understand even Disney and they haven't
thrown it away because Why Why not
because I'm right in what I do and that's what there is What
happens is that it is
true that you  Imagine that he doesn't
know Imagine that I have two other
extras because I've released some music of I
don't know what other music of I don't know how much and
now imagine that because of his
tantrum they also throw away all your
channels when he throws one away eh they throw away
all of them he throws away everything that is associated
with that account not to
my mother But and right now for example the
first strike What does it do, does it penalize you for a few
days or doesn't penalize any days Or yes eh I
think of course as it is in the lollipop
that I don't do live there Well I think
what prevents you from doing live streams in
two weeks the first
strike didn't give Venom a
strike Venom this one said that he was going to
give him a strike He said on Twitter that
Antonio David had given him a strike
for the other video that he had copied for the one
of Torbe and Kiko Jimenez but I don't know if he
ever gave it to him or
noid doing live streams you don't give them a
live stream has posted a tweet making
reference to that eho where is the strike he has
asked the
boy Venom directly to see
if normally  and
I already talked to him about this one day because he wanted to put up
a series of strips and even though I didn't
get along with that person I told him This is
n't done this has to be a
very big case you know imagine For example one
time I skipped an
automatic copyright and it was from
ibai's company And then I spoke to ibai IB he
sent me an audio and he said Javi whatever you
take I'm not going to give you a strike life
says come on it has to be that you go
and leak my credit card number
put it on screen and I have to
throw you a video Urgently you know
but the thing is normally we don't do it I
mean there are people who use my
content there are people who don't even
do it right and they stay in a corner
and they don't comment on anything they're
playing my live stream the day before but I
start throwing that out you know I mean like no no
no it's not something that is usually
done because it's that it's ugly that it's in
the chat they say that it made him angry that
you uploaded the sentence and that it was
because of you and he also says this  roteando ando
has said that if it was a day that
you clicked on his live or I don't know
what that day we are going to see that day in fact
he has reviewed the live Finally
to see what it was today and that day I
had not clicked on his live that day I
was reacting to those two clicks that I
mentioned to you, the one from Packy saying
that to Marta and the one from him saying about the
content and I am reacting not from
YouTube but from a click that they send me
on WhatsApp that pily sends me many
times the clicks and I put it on the
screen you have already seen it I have done it
many times and then I have seen it and it is like that it
is a clip of such but although I
click on his live what people do not realize
is that it can be done that it
is allowed I mean I am not going to pick up what
you cannot do is pick up Now
imagine he is broadcasting and I put
here the live broadcast of him that
obviously not but it is Antonio David
Flores if here we talk about the heart and he
suddenly 10 minutes ago has spoken about
Olga well I can go  rewind and
comment on that little bit it's okay it's
okay it's fair use that can be done
Look at the things his
followers are putting to me you know he says
Bravo David I hope they close Oliveira's channel
like joli But these are the same ones they
were saying last week
But how do you want to screw up
this poor man's job with an ex
how dirty you are Like that like that like that like that the same the
same clar and that we're
playing with people's bread and
people's jobs and not just mine
but mine eh Let's see I think it's no
secret that they eat
a lot from here Of course but I say it again the same thing
that it's no longer a tide those are just
fans the blue tide disappeared thanks to
Antonio David those are fans they
don't have the capacity to reach
conclusions
Not everything that is with him that I don't
agree with you are already the
enemy he criticized Carlota corredera so much for
the single thought
because if you didn't think like her and they are
doing the same thing they are doing the
same thing you are not like them as if you don't pray like them do
n't ask like them and  do
things the way they criticize you and
when I realized that story I said I'm out of
here because I'm not going to
support what I've been criticized so much on the other
hand and but it's that I don't care let's say it's that I don't
care the first day I entered
teleindiscreta I remember that they put me
that they almost ate me and Carmen who was the the
youtuber says Hey if she has already apologized
and everything what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
I had said something very ugly that no that
people were one do you remember do you remember
when I thought you were from
Granada right s that you wrote to me
You told me the pica that gave me that day and you
told me t pu Go see
here you can juanca if you want you know
but well I told her Call juanca call
juanca or something I don't but I was I was
completely disconnected that was
when I left with Lorena who also
had her cell phone turned off in the room
what's happening what I say damn wait because if it's
here with Carmen with Carmen if I
do a session and And trust you that it had
gotten into my head  that was Gran
that I see one of you who
takes a video from another youtuber and
uploads it to your channel with a filter and I would
say Consuelo chocho What are you doing You know
I wouldn't justify you no no no
but that can't be justified Of course
but if they believed that it was a mistake
if they believed that it was a mistake that he
put the
thumbnail title the thumbnail
everything and put it of him is a mistake and I
was going to put it in his live and I
was going to give him the credits But then
why do you put a filter if you're going to
put it removing the people who don't understand
how the platform works that how
this works can believe in the story that
he would tell but the people who are in there
with him know how this works
that they are not capable of saying Antonio
David don't you dare say what he's
doing live because
nobody who understands the slightest bit about
the platform will believe it
people Ah tell him that the people who
truly love him should prevent him from
making a fool of himself like he did with
that live opening his eye
and the channel  He's carrying it right because it won't
be someone who carries it and has given
Javi the strike you've
beaten me but I want to say one thing
with him today I don't know if it was
exactly the same live I think not
because the live that his
was vertical the one that throws at me the one where I
take the clip was vertical but looking
to see which one it was the one he had thrown at me I
saw that that intro he already put up
again three or four months ago so he
has that intro ep for when he has to
resort to they're envious of me the
La Movida that I have a theory that it's not
very crazy what Sor says that I have
a theory I don't know if you're going to
agree with me but I don't rule out the
possibility that these messes are
Paqui But and tell me one thing I don't know is she does
that without telling him knowing
that she could put him in a trial hab see
a trial that's what is
strong Do you think she has the
strong key to the Channel Yes yes most likely
someone has it alone no I think I think
she one thing is uploading videos and nonsense
and another, putting strikes or making other types
of decisions, plus that, with how
controlling Antonio David is,
it surprises me; he is very controlling. It
surprises me that he leaves control of something like that
up to another person. He is very controlling,
but he is not a very hard worker. Huh? And
anyone can make a strike. A strike of mine can be made by
Alanne,
Iván can make it. Yes, but now
he and his image pay the consequences.
So I don't know why, of course,
Paky doesn't pay the consequences.
Paky's image is paid by him. How does he want to be able to control
a colleague after copying,
now he wants such and such. I don't know.
Maybe listen to me. Maybe he said, he
consulted him and he said, "Go
ahead." Well, that's another thing, but
the decisions are made by him. It surprises
me, with how controlling he is, that he leaves
those decisions up to another person.
The filter, the filter on the video that
Rimar has is the typical filter that py puts on
Twitter videos and when I know when that
video was posted at the premiere because Antonia says
that she was going to react to that. No, she posted that video
at the premiere. And it's because she posted the
video when Paqui posted the video at the premiere.  He
posted on Twitter that you're coming to the
premiere but it's not that anymore, on top of that he
congratulated her, he doesn't even watch his own
premieres, no, he doesn't have time for his
own premieres, he was at the
beach, I'm not ruling it out, it's a theory
Maybe you see it as really crazy, but but He's already
messed up twice He messed up that it's two
videos, they give you a strike, they put you there on
Twitter, they take you out, they put you in and now he lets her do it again, to do it again and
it's from a long time ago and he put it up now
or because he learned to put it up without knowing what it
said or something like that, he doesn't know, he knows,
because check the live videos
back It's that if you were for p to get out of
there today on foot because she's already
gotten into two troubles and she had
no intention or anything, she's already
gotten her into two
troubles, she uploaded the video, it's not the
way it reaches me, okay, the way it reaches me,
eh, it's like it wasn't
directly by hand, like from this
minute to this minute, but rather it came
out, you know, this little tab of the
copyright of the  I
studied it and the lollipop didn't come out and she didn't
know that the lollipop
isn't very popular the
lollipop all your channels come on of
course we
know a lot more now than before I
think at least I watch a lot more
because there are videos cuts of it is that by
that rule of three he would have knocked us down he
would have given a strike to others who
have reacted to his content and he is not
going to be ashamed and he is not going to be
ashamed of that aunt is ashamed
because if he hasn't given her other things she is going to
give that Javi No because surely
after this repercussion if he opens
live he will give the appropriate explanations
of why he gave you the strike like
with us and the error how do I put on
a voiceover tonight and me and he tells me
and he tells me gci without wanting to I am not going to be
able eh I am not going to be able to say that
he tripped over the button that he
dropped a friend that he will fix it
with you in private
no that he had several screens open and he has
n't realized that I don't want
explanations if it was a mistake that he should take it off me it's
as simple as
get into the studio again separate the
video and remove it I don't know what it's called
but it clearly says there so I can see it and
remove it because this is just a
mistake if it were a mistake you could have already
removed it
because he would have already found out no, I have
complained No
man let's see if he has found out let's
see if what I said arrive on Twitter I was
posting something on Twitter today he has already
written Ho on Twitter Of course he has
found out
é Hi Javier Oliveira today I woke up
with the information that yesterday you gave me
love again on your channel
I appreciate it there are
some things that I did want to clarify for you first I do not insult dear I define Well let's see the definitions of piqui or rather but this would have come to me like a [ __ ] mother in one of these trials that I have had like no no I do not insult your
honor they are
definitions for they would not pay And although you
will pay you are inflable they do not sound like
this They are saying this to a woman to
Isabel Ávila is á This is the same one with
whom I argued This is one of  the ones that I
argue I don't remember called the owner
of the space damn Well infable how disgusting
because I don't know This is the same damn
javado understand me the other day that I really like
speak damn [ __ ] well infable infable
Pig
filthy I mean tremendous definitions no
second well always says there are levels
you already know second when you interpret
my words it is better that you do it
verbatim man Sorry, here
your words in that video were Marta
Riesco publicly unknown by
journalists but maybe she is known
by the oldest profession that the
lawyer made a face that was like
man this doesn't make any sense
I don't know how it was allowed that she was
known more by the oldest profession
like that man But that doesn't make any
sense to allow that kid you see
that I have said stupid things throughout
My history eh but man under one goes going on
learning not from mistakes No we already have we are
getting older
also no and and and we are getting
scandalized easier too No if
I want to define someone in a
certain way I do it and And yes when there is
someone  that is being unfairly
treated I stand up and scream because I am
free when I had to stand up and
scream publicly the
public exposure of a member of your family a
minor I did it I don't know when this is Ah
when there was a youtuber who said your
son I don't know how much no By the way something that I did
n't see that some of those who
applaud you would like I doubt it very much I doubt it
very much finally an observation
reflection that you expose me
publicly if it serves as an outlet I am
always happy to do something useful for
others your followers also
pour subili and it is a social good But do not
forget that I am that I
am not on equal terms and that
has a name I is that really that has
a name what name can you pour
bile anywhere because you are
accusing her too Of course because you are not
something Ah I mean her because she is not on
equal terms She is a
Poor little lady with a hat and you
are the youtuber who with a Lion of
followers you stir up people and
then when they respond to you say that it is
harassment to me that is already me  it seems like an
outrage because what was
mentioned here Oh Paqui was that she from
her from Antonio David's live with
6000 people that she had yesterday she began to
say that well that those of us who
put the the the sentence that we did
not run so much in exposing the ones that we have that are
much more How they
said how she said much more scandalous
like my sentence even the
father knows it damn my sentence I found out
through the press senten
m that you expose it that you expose it when
she sits daily on the Channel
of not will it refer only to Javi I
imagine that she must refer to all
the channels that is that sentence No
because it has not only been no but it
says to those who have a sentence they
also she spoke of that she has sent
directly with Javi what the hell is there no
youtuber who has ever had any move
of Sentence not that we know
No I do not know if there are others
that I do not know that
I know it has only been that I have
seen eh I do not know the channels that I have
been Joana morillas Alberto menec and you
I do not  Enrique such but like that I have not
seen more channels that have
echoed Claro but let's see the news
given by María Patiño that I also tell you that
if I had had it I would give it Claro of
course let's see but well the news is given by
María Patiño and I have the luck that
the sentence reached me because I was
crazy looking for it all day and it
arrived before anyone else I gave it What's going on I
made a misinterpretation I threw
[ __ ] at Antoni for that because it is not a
sentence that condemns someone David
nor is it a complaint that he files And
well then they do not condemn another party but of
course I even say that it seems
unfair to me that some punishment should have been given
Patiño in the end it has served them that has
not served them well he
has sworn to you for a
long time and that's it you have crossed yourself
at the moment and that's it but if
Jai has helped him a lot But why does it matter
Sister it does not matter to him what you help him,
once he gives you the sentence it does not
matter because he thinks he is superior and the
others that I am going to go to Malaga if he sees me he is not
going to invite me to  churro I do
n't think so, they're not going to invite you to
anything, no It's thankful you don't meet up
and you have to invite him it's
funny it's not about it, it's not about the fact that
I've helped him in the past or
anything like that Look, it's about
not doing it to anyone, I mean, it's
as simple as not doing it to anyone,
but here I do have another one of
Paqui's definitions it's about
not doing it to anyone, that is, a
strike, the other channels are not
touched, blocked guy who's listening and they
're garbage To which I reiterate, insuffable, I
add fas, they wouldn't pay you And although
you will pay, you are insuffable Isabel, they are not
that much of a thorn,
I mean in the literal sense of those of those
of rejoicing in their own
[ __ ] you are social garbage you are scum
you are the shame of the feminine gender and
of feminism in this country and in all the
countries of the world being disgusting,
repugnant that you, you women,
belong to my gender, to the feminine, to the
feminist, the only thing I wish for you is  that
your shitty life you have a
shitty life that's what
you are a bunch of grams of [ __ ]
I hope you don't have children you
've sold I'm going I'm going for 49 seconds and it
's 2 minutes I'm not going to put it all down throw
it at me but come on this woman
stands there saying that it's my
sentence it makes me upset these
people who are insulting with that
calmness no they are not enjoying it she
is defending people Without feeling
because you can't or you're reading it and you
always read At the same pace or it's that I
have more blood and I get really worked up
if I have to call someone dirty I
can't tell them Oh how dirty you are I
can't and I all of me to the majority that I see
to insult But why does she say that I saw that you
are
infallible she had said is that I don't know with the
thing with which she says it the disgusting way she
says it but it's supposed that Isabel
was involved with Antonio David no pu and
Marta and look what she says to him I mean now
but I mean I don't know why tell him he is
unfuckable you are I don't know how much you are such
But that  Who is saying And who
can defend people in another
way eh man it is that this way of
defending but it has turned the
Jurado green when they say that there they worship the
Jurado and the I don't know what I don't know what about the
Jurado also had a
very ugly comment as well as in plan of also
super
ugly his Antonio David man but he
sells that the Jurado's
children love her very much and that the grandmother
a lot to see if he forgives the debt not on
his channel yes to the Jurado yes to the
mother no because Rocío is very bad but
that the Jurado does love her and this lady
has referred to Rocío Jurado also
with some comments Well, her line we can
see the level that she has it is true it is
true Rocío Jurado told her once
this one she [ __ ] I don't know who no yes to
berneta or I don't know what it was about berneta
was or I don't know Out out part of that of that
these comments and such no Or
rather he himself this does not benefit him not
his image Well now his image does not
benefit him Nothing clear or rather something that  It
's in private, imagine she's talking to
these ladies, she refers to herself like that in private
at home having a coffee. Of course,
well, that's it V, but on her
YouTube channel I allowed this lady to
refer to herself in these terms. This
was a space, this wasn't from her channel,
but what we've heard before, yes, no,
but on her channel she also puts herself in that way
in those terms sometimes. Well, look with
Marta, yes. No, look what El Indio is saying.
For example, El Indio says that was
the reason why I started to be an
outlaw because of the Jurado and
Berneta issue. Of course, because when there were
those expressions, counter-
insured, no, not that long ago, no, that was.
Well, yes,
a few
months ago, I don't understand how he thinks
this, I don't know the steps they take. They
're not very intelligent. Because when he's
still there, because to have
stopped her, he would have removed her as a
collaborator, no, and she's still there and the tone
remains the same, it's that he continues to
have them. They are
together, in fact, since everything got so mixed up
with the Jurado issue, then
in another live broadcast, she apologized
to both David and Anton, David said that
he  he hadn't realized at the
time because he wasn't
paying attention. Of course, if Anton David
puts on a face, then the apologies
serve so that we don't give it the
importance. Maria's apologies
also have to be used for a
trial there because Maria also
retracts. Well, Paqui has also
retracted. If Piqui doesn't give her the
hype, well brought, you had it
all saved,
then Maria also deserves that
she twice on two different dates.
Also, Maria judge has said that she
is not guilty, she is not guilty. That's it, that's
it, but well, I'm coming to refer to the
apology, if Paqui's apology
for the words she said towards
Rocío Jurado serves us, Maria's apologies
for what she said about Antonio David serve us.
Because neither of the two were
charging any
crimes. Yes, yes, but let's see, these
decisions, whether it was part of the fact that I allowed
this on his channel, it's a very bad idea taking
into account that
he already has a backpack, the whole thing, or rather, this doesn't
help him at all, but these decisions,
on top of the fact that you get to YouTube and in the
end it has ended badly with all the
YouTubers And now you  you put us to
strike me personally which is like
you saying no [ __ ] man what did
YouTube for me like who says no
por to throw it in my face but if you put
a strike if I remind you you know
how to you the first one you know why Because if it was
put on you well if it was
put on that one everyone gets scared and they
shrink back I think look I've been
in this for many years and on the contrary
when there is a person who puts a
strike on another colleague normally what
usually happens is that the one who puts
the
strike is pointed out in fact this morning I saw
a video of a colleague Yes with whom I
don't get along and he has already slept with him too I
mean this is something like here
in I
tell you that I've been here for a decade
this is like Ugh Case this is already very
frowned upon by the rest of the
colleagues making this a mistake has already
had time to say crazy if it had been
a mistake
someone put it by mistake or something There's already been
time for him to have
removed it and he continues let's see tonight better
explain I don't know I doubt  a lot with the
arrogance he has But well no because he has
n't removed it he can remove it and look
Holy Easter you understand me I mean I do
n't want my life to be wasted on this
because when you do this
eh You don't win anything you don't win anything because
look it looks terrible I mean this looks terrible
in front of your colleagues I mean right now
everyone is thinking what a
filth it looks terrible in front of the public
for the guy I mean you're there every
day Hitting whoever you want
talking about whoever you want and now
you what iron fist
glass jaw only that I'm going to recover
because that is legitimate use and I'm going to
recover it and then the trisan effect I mean
if there is something in that video that he didn't
want people to talk about or that or that
was reproduced today for example we are
here talking Of course of course not and it's not that anymore it's that
doing it how they could have
put stries on him they didn't put it on him
and he doesn't respect it don't you see that they
could have put it on him for doing worse than what
you did damn it happened to him
a week or two ago two
weeks let's go
last week not a year ago
is that he is Antonio David so it's not the
same Yeah with the thing he said
Well I'll talk to him privately I'll
fix it like saying wow I'm going to
tell him I'm Antonio David and no way
man did he think that this one was going to manipulate him He
thought I'll give it to this one as usual I
manipulate him and he didn't think that the other one was He
was smart right and that Antonio doesn't like
Avid that
he doesn't give a damn I mean what he doesn't understand is that he
would be famous there on Tele5 famous people the
reality shows those things but here comes
YouTube and there are people who have been there much
longer than him and much better known than
him who are famous but they are a famous person of
average quality in this TV of
such platforms there are many people not esv it
's not Javier Sardá you understand Javier who
are presenters it's that he is a
collaborator of these of of Well
average people almost those who came from
TV it happened to all Eh well not to
all but to more than one the same thing has happened to them
that they arrive like no no
I come from TV of course, on the contrary, they
see me more humble because here in any case,
those who have been there the longest are the Damn there
are people who know But what and
look at you, what I remember was that I
laughed because it's like you that he
found a video that he liked
And he felt he had the right to
upload it I mean, no, I'm going no, no, he felt he had
the right to take the
video and upload it because he can, you know, it
's a crappy video, it's a crappy video I
mean, imagine that I'm here to upload
Disney movies, give it the watermark not
of the other one and put it of
his own Yes, I don't know whether to remove the
watermark or cover it up with filters or
whatever But the simple fact is, he removed it
from view, he removed it from view But
even if you don't KNOW even if you don't know about YouTube,
logically he justifies it and wraps it up in
this to justify everything and continue
saying that no, that it was unintentional, that it
was a mistake, that I don't know how much of a mistake,
yet to say that it's that
the other guy has to thank you for it
you copied the video and he has to thank you
Eh but since he's used to his
lies working well he keeps telling them he's
capable of continuing to tell you no no
Yes I caught it by mistake well I
filtered it by mistake such and such And he's capable of
continuing to maintain a lie he doesn't
realize saying [ __ ] it's that I'm
looking terrible It's that this doesn't
even smell like a mistake it doesn't smell no no no he's
so used to it that I say it's
by mistake these people swallow it it would have been
better maybe to say
[ __ ] [ __ ]
and the guy maybe instead of saying
hey sorry No Hey let's see if like that let's
see if let's talk
because of the
controversy because of the controversy no Hey I
copied a video from you What's up No no no
because of the controversy let's see because if
the controversy isn't created here nothing will happen
let's just leave things as they are clear
I think he believed I think he
believed that they were going to find the video that they were
n't going to find him you know how
rimena was a
person be that Of course if not you don't put
all  the filters if you don't take the
trouble to put the filters on and such you
think that with the filters it will go
unnoticed the other person will not get
the notice and who among so many thousands of
youtubers who is going to know who
the video is from you have to and as it is not
someone that we name of course one thing
is that you say a youtuber from
Dallas or a youtuber that we name and it
is clear who names rhyme nobody
around here named him well he thought
nobody knows this one I put this one nobody is
going to find out that this video is from
this guy I put two filters on it and it works and
in a premiere eh And the people bravo bravo
to What a good job no but he says that he
realized the next day when he saw
that people were telling him How good What a good
job What a good job What a good
job exactly He is not
used to it I gave it to him he said here
something happened they are telling me that I have
done a very good job something happened
happened what happened is that when you com
good job Not that but when
a channel comments on  more than 100000 your
phone notifies you rimena has posted a
comment and then when I'm going to
strike you he said tiir and deleted it Of course of course of course
but he says no
that he had noticed when people
told him in the morning he got up and
looked and people were saying enora good
Antonio David for the work of and there he
realized that it was that he had posted
when he said when they told him How good
the video of and he thought yy but if he hasn't
uploaded the video of and
and I haven't put a thumbnail on it I'm not trying to
justify it but I do see the
possibility that it wasn't him eh I'm
telling you the truth it was his channel it was
his channel no but but that yes no no it's not
clear but yes he has
covered up the mess he has nothing else to
do than be aware of this
which is his job now it's supposedly well it
's his problem of course and on top of that already
but And on top of that on Twitter he silences those
who warn him about another video he has
and they go and and he silenced it or so it's true it's
true because it's pure arrogance it's
pure arrogance bad but that makes you worse  in the
end that leaves you worse no no no no it doesn't
work I mean it can work for a while in your
circle more than that you know but in the end
no He doesn't understand that they rectify him or that they
warn him or that for him it doesn't
fit he doesn't fit
in me when I stopped talking to
him it was because he sent me this I was fine
with him with him Hi he passed them I
fixed it up we were cordial again and
all that stuff and he wrote to me so that
because he didn't like the title of a
live show Yeah because you put I don't know what
we talked with Antonio David or the ace we
talked with Antonio David because he
had he had won the lawsuit for the
TV factory already firm and
then I spoke to him in the afternoon I'm
very happy man I'm very happy I don't
know how much luck you that the live show was
to
hype his Victoria of course we talked
you play with the verb okay
man the most striking thing there is no but it's that it
can be understood that I raise his face he
said that it's that he didn't like that you
deceive
people but that people I know that people
can believe that I'm going to upload Okay
then
people I mean  you imagine that El Rubius comes up here
now and he doesn't come up, well
people will get angry, leave my channel we
talked to when I spoke to you
a while ago about the sentence and I'm going to
speak well of you That's to come that was that he
came to someone in private and he
kissed him virtual heart thank you very much
and he said pi pi pi pi pi pi pi
pi Look someone who was bad with me
came to him in private and to answer him He did
n't say pi pi pi about Javi look at it it's
a title but if we are going to see a
person who works in the media and more
in the heart knows that with the titles it
is not the same to put me like an
apple he has sworn to you since
Marina also
I the first phrase that I see since you
greeted Rocío I think that's where
he started his that he has sworn to you since
then that Marina said here that
Antonio David's family had
leaked it that with Marta things were not well I
think that it started for him yes from
there and how many collaborators will there be the
other one on the phone ended up exploding
but how How many collaborators that he
knows will there be  take him and take him
with
Rocío [ __ ] not
well but there is no means
Ne per man there will not be there will not be
any collaborator of the television is those
things do not Forgive him I think he did not
forgive that you had let's say you
see the bald guy in
one that he meets Rocío and he will
be like I thought you were going to this the
rejection he is the band that I am going to
greet her I to this go that I think
he hung for granted that you were going to be
in that line because you spoke to him did you
believe him or did you make some
videos for him or something I think and then also what
Marina said here that he
with Marta that the family Do you remember
something that the family was afraid of
Marta that I don't know what Because there is
also on his channel he came out giving
Marina anton a scolding via Marina I don't
remember acuo yes when that of the
information that
Antonio dav's relatives had said Yes when he did
a live with Marta on Twitch it was on
Twitch that they did a live the last
live  that they did together that
later they separated and there he hit
Marina like this yeah Ah well look
Marta can tell you very well when you
talk to Marta she will tell you She
hit Marina like this because
Marina like because she was talking about like the
family What about there he hit
Marina like this yes he was angry with Marina well yes
that's how childish because come on there will
be collaborators and journalists from the
television that agree Maybe they have
cordiality with him and then they have
cordiality with Rocío because in the end they
are issues Between him and Rocío I mean I
meet let's say I perfectly
meet with him Hello What's up I
meet Rocío Hello What's up I
meet with whoever if in the
end I work no I mean I understand
that people who work in television and
who have been working for so long and especially in
this subject understand those things for
example here who youtube yes is more
different between youtuber you fight
with one and or someone who has made
a criticism and you take it more personally
it's different But between television you
see them that turn green and then you
see them at night that  there wasn't What else could have
happened for him to have taken you is
that there wasn't anything else What I
sincerely believe, what I sincerely believe
is uh that he wanted to grace other
people, I believe that more than me
meeting Roso Carrasco and telling her
beautiful, but then, for example,
after with Maybe those
people no longer have as much relevance
on his channel, it's so that there would have been to
already rectify that, it's more complicated
but you don't have to apologize but yes
but
stop, no forgiveness Javi for what
happened, sorry, no forgiveness but it's that they
continue the same
this, we have
missed television, everyone to adore him, he
thinks he's more than this, television,
but I really don't understand it, it's that I don't, I don't,
Javi, it was for something else, why
thing, the Indian, the Indian Tell me what
the Indian says who knows But it's not
that I don't understand it or rather, I am the afternoon
that he wins the sentence, I am
fine with him and I congratulate him and go on, I
tell him and I know that I am happy about this
but let's go as if it were a trial that
I would have won then at night I started
talking about the subject and he told me something about another
person I don't remember it was things
that people who didn't trust me to win
And then at night I put that
title and he came to me with a
screenshot that wasn't from his phone okay to
complain to me Hey why do you put this
title people take a screenshot from their phone
because it wasn't their
model
Ah they are different I had no idea that of
course it wasn't their model or their or their
account I think or rather that was a screenshot
that had been sent to them telling them Look
Jai what he put you know is not that a
person from television who comes from the heart do
you really think that he would
claim a title No of course not
Well but the one who was
always going to give you lessons like superiority I
can I am superior I'm going to
set you right he was in that
I saw him in that the same thing that became the
owner of the blue tide he wanted to become the
owner of YouTube and It's that later he said that he did
n't like it like people deceive him
because he doesn't speak clearly but he lets it fall
that he doesn't like that people  will deceive
people the Indian the Indian the Indian is
telling me the reason he's not going to read it out
loud okay But the Indian is
telling me the reason but it's that I made
peace with him after that and we
cleared it up and not only that but
after that there was another moment when they
were giving it to me and he called me
to offer me his support and we're going to
do a live together and such what happened that
I said look I'm fixing it
privately let's leave the party in peace you
know Okay, okay, why you know I mean we
were fine it was really me I really
sincerely think that it was because of
other people who wanted to
please him because it's just that it doesn't fit with me that
you're finally with a person and
a title bothers you dude I mean myself with
my YouTube colleagues I put myself
in the thumbnail Crying I start to
say Dalas humiliated lada amore I don't know
what indiscreet cornered that you're
going to come to me to tell you that I
put that on you I mean that's not how he
feels superior he thinks he's
superior Well yes he has like  to go
giving lessons remove that delete that that is not what you
feel with they ask you if you
are disappointed with Antonio David
How No man Now no now not at the
time yes eh Lorena can say it that there
was a there was a day I don't remember what it
was there was a day that I that I
got a
chemical bang with him the truth I'm
going to fool us and I had another impression of
him that gave What a good vibe with this one how
good You know how good Such and And how about And there
was a little thing I don't remember what it
was in which I didn't notice his support and I did
feel a mess and my wife even
told me and I don't get like that it's a
note from TV and that's it he's not your friend he
's someone from TV that you've met at
work and outside because yes that I am like that I
am an idiot You know but but no longer no longer I
mean but yes it is true that I
see this thing of a strike as
too much even even for an even
for an enemy it is a very strong step the
man that screws you up at work They screw you up
one thing this is already playing
with the bread  from my house to a lot of people,
of course, that shows that he's a bad person and that
's something that even his
followers have to see, gosh, no matter how stupid they are.
And no matter how good
Antonio David is, they're not going to see that
or anything else, it's like a stronghold of
fanaticism that they don't see. So then, let him
put [ __ ] in the bag and
let him distribute it. Well, don't give him
ideas, don't give him
ideas, he's left with this stronghold that
blesses everything, they see everything well and everything and that's it.
Imagine that for whatever reason
I have another couple of strikes there on the
channel because we've uploaded whatever,
one of these things about TV has popped up on us, for
example, which can pop up many times,
one of these things about you know about music. And now
for whatever reason you play this trick and it will go
like this, the lollipop, telesalseo, the
salsería, haa, and he'll be left without a job here,
half a half youtuber. You know why the [ __ ],
[ __ ], I have three editors who collect
their salaries, eh? Now people also come
here to collaborate, who collect their salaries.
Eh  there are scriptwriters on the main channel
I ate 300 that I don't play No god eh
Because the brown at least I got to
collaborate I got to collaborate you to
me if they close this on me Ah Well That's
done Javi I'm going to pay you the 300
could you open channels no no well I'm going to
give you 300 to you too Javi in ​​your name maybe
not but in Lorena's name for
example if I go out you can't Ah no that
you go out you can't I think there are no
ways I think it has to be that
you set up a company it's a mess but
start watching Yes man of course
the solution would be found to start no
because we would all be waiting man
Of course but it's not your thing no you wouldn't have
for example it also doesn't influence that you
have a strike on a channel and it is per
channel
no they don't add up from different channels it is per
channel no they don't add up But if they throw down a
channel yes they throw down the others the
others go But why life yes I don't
understand it that's YouTube I don't watch it
either if they throw down a channel I know for
example I have two  channels if one is
made with one email address and another
with another yes but the Google account is
the same No if they realize yes they will
throw it at you that they end up realizing let's see
there are ways or rather what he's saying about
the properties that it be Lorena's instead
of mine or that I make an sl you know but
man it's not his thing that nobody touches
your food well anyway I'll
tell you one thing I advise you how
well you grow a beard as if by chance
man and you dye your hair blonde and that video
from June I don't know if it was something
reaction action reaction from now such No no
a video that has come out of there that
if it were a video now a
lot of people would be on him too I tell you eh That's why
in itself to give a strike they have
already told him on Twitter that don't see let's
see yes he deserves it man let's see
yes but his people his people continue to
defend him I mean I think that
deep down they have to see that no that see that
no because they see that no that
nobody does that
oysters if Javi
dedicate there people rejoicing there were
people rejoicing at anyone who is
against him, even if he says the least bad thing
about him, they shut everything down and he doesn't even have a voice
here to say anything, that shuts his mouth.
I always say the more they bug me,
the more I'm going to talk about the topics they don't
want me to talk about and I say this to all of you who
follow me and put me down, just
tell me what you're doing earning money
talking about this so I'll do it more
sometimes. Of course, because if they already warn you that you
earn money, that's true what they
're telling me in the chat of a
lawsuit that is true that if the
strikes are in a
maliciously fraudulent manner like
this one and suddenly Imagine that I'm
left without channels imagine two months
is not a small amount of money that I would have to pay
because that goes as you know what I'm telling you. I mean, yes, yes, I'm
right and I
finally win a lawsuit if this happens, imagine no no
imagine that suddenly they
start striking all
the youtubers here or they strike me more, they
take down my channels, man, of course, this would already
come  I'm not going to sit
idly by, this will get to other
instances and if I win, man, of course, I'll
compensate you for all of my work days,
but you could report him outside of
YouTube and then if you win outside,
YouTube has to admit it or how does that work? Let's see
if he agrees with me. It's understood that he
has to return the money that I
stopped earning, of course, what is that called? It's
called loss of earnings, it's called or
something like that, of course you lost because of
him, but you've done wrong. Here there have been issues, look,
here there have already been these issues that have
reached trials or the beginning of trials and
things like that, and he won't win a strike like the one he did against me, that's why I
'm so sure because what he
did is not legitimate, of course it's not
legitimate and if we go to trial it's not
legitimate, he's screwed up, and now you.
Imagine, imagine if they
stop my channels for 10 days. You know what
10 of my days are. Ugh, I'm not saying it, I'm not
saying it for nothing, but why the [ __ ] does he have to
think that there's a team of people.
Of course not, no.  there's a team at the
lollipop in the lollipop there's a girl
who uploads the excerpts and she gets
paid but there are three editors who get paid
salaries that are salaries that are
salaries there's a miniature artist who gets paid a
salary that's a salary like the one I was getting
working you know so
here there's a team of Peña man that no no that's
not screwing me over you just
know So you have to think things through
man if you have something that you don't
like and I write to me Jai what you
said here I don't like it debate it and I'll
tell you Well yes or no or no Or don't talk to me
if you don't like it you understand But about
putting your hand on a channel That's ugly eh it's that I have
n't done it with people who
deserve it maybe let's see tonight
I don't know let's see what he says Ho No I don't
think he'll say anything no because
Ho haar of the
lawsuit It's that they can't go around in
circles on the subject of the lawsuit
come on well you know You know consolation to
say that María Patiño is  very bad and now you do
n't give it a go, that one goes around,
come on, what do you tell me, wait, I'm going to
put syney's comment here
because in sney, you know that John dep is there. Ah, it's
already finished because
today's program was recorded on El Hormiguero, they
recorded this afternoon, the
YouTube regulations say that the use of
fraudulent TR is punished, eh, have you
seen it punished before? I do
n't remember having seen it punished
ever, what I do see is that they
give it back to you and you get your channel back
and all that stuff, you know, but
before putting in the strike, they warn you that
if it is
fraudulent, that it goes wrong, you lose, I do
n't know that, that
you still here in Spain there hasn't
been a trial that has reached
the end,
eh, there have still been, there have been people who
have sued, such and such, then
a lot has also happened, there have been lawsuits but they have
been between one country and another country and they have not
reached trial. Not because they are
between countries. So in the end,
agreements are reached, I don't know what you know, but man, the
normal thing is that they give you back your channel, that they
leave you with your channel.  the other Maybe they'll
put it on me that I know they'll pull his
ear you know but no that it's really ugly
but besides even if there was no
punishment it would be very ugly what he did
very ugly man Think about it man Man
Think about it buddy it's that he has no
argument whatsoever that you can catch him
or he did it for a judicial issue
to benefit the person who could be
sued from his channel and
no no the only excuse he has is that
such a person runs my channel he didn't
ask me and he put it on you
but of course he can't remove it
Call Javi say Hey sorry of course he
could have apologized already he should have said it was
Look it was a mistake it was a
person could have put it given the
controversy
send a
message tried well What do you tell me
about the self-destruction of Manu
Tenorio buah but what happened to
Manu Tenorio once he had a spark do
you remember that he had a
short circuit in his house he burned his
hand yes he had a high voltage thing he
had like a spark in his house
then  being like
like and for me that since then he has
stayed half there eh he has stayed
there let's see you know what I think that
he in the controversy I think that he is the one who is
right but I think that the
way he is handling it
eh is condemning him
because they are also driving him crazy
but if he is uploading
videos pedal Let's see I don't know if it can be
said but lost pedal well damn No
that anymore it is not necessary that he later
withdrew You think
man Javi I think it has to
be horrible
wait I'm going to put it to see what you
think Let's see this was a video that Manu
uploaded And shortly after he deleted it and it's like let's see you
bunch of
idiots how are you asking me to
justify that I am up to date with my
payments with the Treasury that I am going to do it and
however individuals who are in
a property that owe more than 10,000
without a contract on a property, those are not you inclined to
ask them to justify that they are up
to date with the
Treasury
think about it
ost Angel remembered  Gar has remembered
a little remembered people who spoke but it's
a shame because within what is
right is that it is one that elend
is exposing too much is speaking
in a lot of places giving
statements leaving outings of
all talking about political topics getting
so too much and Lu in the end does not stop there is
another one that comes out with two twins from Twitch have you
seen Javi there is another video in which he
comes out with two twins from Twitch that he is
also going to go no there it is also
strange that he thinks that by making it
public he will earn more don't you notice it has
strange also he has a
stain on his shirt and everything
but I the attitude I the attitude I
see it is bad Even on
Spanish television Because he gets upset sweating
and I but I It is that here it gives the impression
that here he says an outrage okay I do
n't know at what moment these kids
interviewed me precisely the other day
I was Here also the other day eh No
if it was last week I think it was and and
[ __ ] they marry more How do you say
more flies marry with honey than with vinegar no
than with gall and he is a singer who in the
end  I shouldn't get into these
messes, solve it, this issue is
sinking, it's
sinking on its own, I can't, but look how it's going,
because I don't have the house, man, because they haven't
left and there's one who's like, "
Ah, you're not reporting
this." This is important, okay, oh, okay.
So you're reporting this
first through the networks and then through the
courts. No, well, gosh, no, no, no,
listen to me, I'll bust your
head open, I say. Listen to me, first of all, as
I am a fair, loving person, son of
God, I first wanted that lady and
that woman and that family to have
returned the property to me
in an
orderly manner, complying, man, with the rules,
man of honor, man of
common sense, closing my eyes to hear him, it
seems that I'm hearing
Juanca, that I have really closed them, that
seemed to me.
No, man, no, but it's true that they
are, it's true that they are expressions,
very, very
harmed, very harmed.
Exactly, I always had the image of him like this,
like a very Andalusian gentleman,
very stiff,
very, very affectionate, very polite, very Lord, I
was the image that I had of him like that.  like
very sir very such And it's that lately I've been
seeing him this week that I say
but this man what happened to him I
say of the Chispazo has been left so strange
and it's a shame because I really know him he
was electrocuted there in his house and these
months I didn't know if he was going to be able to
play the guitar again eh he had a really bad time
at that time eh at home it was in his
house yes it burned down and I think that
Ah horrible to have your house taken away but
the reaction and how calm and everything he
was would be to leave it in the hands of the police
or judges or whoever you see like that he's
losing his mind little by little because you
see him with those statements that
blow your mind that I don't know what Exact
ex is that you put now that those people
fight with someone has injuries and
say well it was Man a Tenorio because if
what you are in is in the media what
matters is the image that you give of course what
matters is the image that you
give if you give that image of I know of
pass I mean I don't think
anything will happen much less but the way
of expressing yourself yes those are clicks that will
harm any record label
any brand
Claro Look what they are saying eh
neol says that you are left with consequences
when you get that now but there is nobody there is
nobody there is no manager or
anything to
take him he does not have a manager anymore but let's see that
before that then I have seen him and he
spoke normally now that this issue has
gotten out of hand he is full of anger and that is
not it has gotten out of hand he
is totally full of that anger
frustration and he is giving an image
let's go lamentable yes lamentable that it
no longer matters it no longer matters the background eh be
because I I say it no longer matters you no longer
know if he is right or not it is the image
that he is giving and the statements that he
makes you do not care if he is right of course
I think that the tenants have stopped
paying for the face and that and that they are
Of course yes I think he is right he
has a property there that
evidently the tenants are there
watching the roll and and normal that well as he
has a percentage in this country that
has many of these problems of
occupation things as they are Yes yes there are
many The problem is  that it has been
made public that he has put the
current politicians in the middle saying
that since this guy has to, we
also have to listen that since this
guy has a lot of money and has a lot of
properties, what does it matter if they
occupy one man, I put myself in his
situation, the helplessness is very great, the
helplessness is very great if you are going
through bad times with such and such music
and you see yourself with this problem and you see that
even if you have more than enough, it's yours Of course, but
you see two politicians publicly
saying that since you have a lot of
properties and a lot of money, they can easily
occupy the house Well of course,
I imagine that this is like a
Molotov cocktail and the guy is exploding in a
bad way and it is obviously damaging his
image Of course, but
come on, that one and that he kicks out those who are
inside and that's it but yes, it is
true that it is very me in part I
understand it because of course what does it matter if
you work, he becomes unemployed, what the end is not
you or any son of a neighbor, he is a
famous guy who knows how important the image
you give and what you say matters and he is
totally wrong, that I do not know  whether he's
right or not but the fact is that he's
gone he's gone for days Eh
days ago in all the programs he was
yelling Of course but we see that public to him
but it's a problem that
normally the person who happens to it
ends up like this what happens is that he is not a
public figure There it is but of course
public figures have to be public figures he is
human he is
human but being a
public figure also has more money that he
can pay to the unemployed or someone
or I don't know I understand that no matter how much
money he has he doesn't have to be there
because he is not going to be working for
others Hey he can do like Daniel
gman this one who got him out of there he got him out
of his house with blows I was going to mention it to you
eh he was in favor he was in favor of all
this and he got him out he was in favor of everything It
happens that it touched him of course um
to the houses ok it
was that eh it was Very good very
good and he got him out of there with blows with some
friends he got in and kicked him out
what I would do practically let's go is that it is that it is what they
recommend you that but of
course but you know that  But you don't
say that you are in favor Of
course he is saying that there is no
occupation it is that I don't know what the floors that are
not the
speculation I would call Dani I say
Dani come here look at the problem
that I have and you solve it in that
way man well that is not very what
is pending for you of course No we do not
see ourselves in those situations but well you never
know but you never know n for example
But the thing is that I do not understand that there is
nobody who even considers being in
agreement with something like that I mean if I
have Seven properties because I
bought them with my work now another thing
is an apartment that is abandoned of these of the
bank of Well there
one is worth of course well and a bank that is
going to stick with the apartment for 20 years you see but
I properties of mine that I cannot
rent or sell because they have gotten into me
Enma you cannot even cut off the
electricity it is like Ah you cannot cut off their
electricity or the water they can tear out
all the cable and sell it you have to
pay the supplies you have to
continue paying them Crime they cut it off well
if you do not pay So you  cut it out It's a
crime knowing that there's brown stuff no If you don't
pay they put you on the lists and all
those things no Of course it's a problem it's a
problem a problem I don't see the
point eh to this eh that's going downhill
without stopping brother if he doesn't stop going out
exposing himself wow Poor man then he has to be
paying for the electricity everything Yes
yes if you have to pay it doesn't make
sense Hey Consuelo Tell me what
happened with the one with the nails with the one with the
nails nothing happened it's that the
other one the two gossips the day Hey
Ray arrived
the
agade arrived I knew you were live I didn't
know go two
Marí uñ
nobody gets away nobody thought
the warden was going to escape No sir no no no no
no then they made a
comment in the chat as always
they resort to Golden to congress and such and
come out no why wasn't it already on
Antonio David's live shows right before
live shows and I say Well it's true the live shows don't come on
but yes it's true
Then I was telling  Carmen that
he has a lot of work Carmen didn't
understand the reason and I was
explaining to her that the same people who come
here to give presentations at his congress, he
has to go to
other parts of the world during the year to give
presentations and so on as a speaker but
that in any case if he is and he is
faithful to his thinking I understand that he is not
in the live shows
mm how how how how Ah Well but
I already said that at the time of course that's how it is of
course it shocked me that knowing what
I know that he thinks that he should be in
the live shows So yes it is true
that a series of things happened and I
told one person Well I'll see if he
reacts Depending on how he reacts Then I'll
talk Because I know many things but
since he hasn't come back then he
started talking he started talking in
front of a lot of people like that eh
Ah a lot of people of various people
started talking to say their
true thoughts That's why when
he betrayed Marina in that way and
went with all his nerve on live shows to say
the opposite and he betrayed  to Marina that's why
you look at it Well, you said Antonio
but those around fighting for the
ego of Who is the one who is next to her Yes of
course for a position there next to the
leader Of course of course I mean because
this one left too no and this one is with
Albert now he is no longer with Albert I don't
see him dating Albert now he is not
dating because of what he said he said something very ugly about Marina and I think that he also Yes yes it was it sounds familiar to me on Twitter No yes And when I saw it he said and also I think that he called people's attention in public
no yes and I think that when he saw it
there he also had to I suppose that he would
say something to him when he saw oh oh [ __ ] now I
remember what it was [ __ ] my mother my
mother he went Def braked and such
that I say how far does the defense go to
a guy that you don't even know He's not at all nor is he
related to you nor does he come What's
wrong with you nor does he know that he exists or if he
knows But let's go that it doesn't take away his sleep
from having to say those
comments to look so bad to be so cruel
I am that really see if pere  apart from the fact
that Marina Marina has not disrespected
anyone Marina has always done her job
so you can see how far
he goes you have to like it if you don't
like it you go you go out you're fired that's why I
tell you that what Antonio David did
throw at Marina and from that point on
is when he has you he also
has it in for you because he brought out what
Marina is supposed to have done and
that's why it's
a lot of
things but he did have something with
Marina and he managed to do this he brought it out
that day something about Marina that Marina attacked
the tide that Marina had no empathy with
him with the family I don't know what something of that he
brought out there that day
come on I
suppose that Albert with a little
logic told him I imagine that he would shame that of
course man it's that it's that it
was totally what you say but well it
wasn't anymore it's true since that it wasn't anymore
And then the No it doesn't seem good to me At
least 10 around there we cut less 10 men
yes less 10 around there  we cut it
then the one with the nails is not going either but
not because he suddenly said No
because I think this because he has been
there for a couple of years thinking what he
thinks of course no no no Of course the
whole time he has been there he has
been thinking what he thought
obviously what I imagine is
the excuse of the job he has that
yes it is true that
regardless of this I as a
professional am very good and I am not going to
throw it away for you he has a lot of work and
so it is the perfect excuse to
disassociate himself I think because it is
true that on other occasions with the
sentence that has come out on Twitter he would have
spoken out and I have not seen that he has
spoken out on Twitter or on
any social network wait a moment we continue
talking those of you who are on Twitter now
that we have said Twitter I am going to cut it off on
Twitter and you continue watching it on YouTube
telesalseo okay you go to the
telesalseo Channel and we continue there for the little while that is
left okay short on Twitter
continue Consuelo because now you know that I have not
seen any kind of reaction to
María Patiño's sentence and he was one
of the people who attacked María
very much So that's what I'm saying Oh
how strange of course and hasn't something happened
with the floor let's see if there has been some
internal movement and we haven't found out about
some ego struggle there is in the Channel of
ego struggles as many as he wants like that more
according to him ego struggles there it's clear
that there are but I don't know if it has
happened Hey we haven't found out and there has
been some internal movement because of
that just because he has a job doesn't
mean that he doesn't go on Twitter he can't post he doesn't
speak out at
all he doesn't speak out at all it's something strange to see the next
Golden When is it in June and June 8th and it is
held again in Valencia it doesn't
change location well we'll see
why Of course something has happened Ah
initially the idea was to run around
various cities and various provinces in
Spain that the congress would be running and
next year on June 7th and 8th
2025 it will be held again in the same
place
so you go along with a
person that you don't like
for that and go along with it to
the point that you put yourself there doing
like another for example piqui I do  I feel
that Piqui feels Antonia I saw as something of her
own I mean she lives Antonia's problems
as if they hurt her you know she
lives them but José many of us know but that
José had it clear the east of the
Golden It was what motivated José so that
later Rocío Flores would go there of course
who knew that that existed nobody and
what was going to be on TV if it
wasn't Rocío Flores or Gloria Camila or
all this Well nobody Damn but
yeah but it became known there and it
was an interest there because of his business he
also did it in an interested way
because that was his business of course Yes of course He
wanted to give Rocío the opportunity
so yes it is possible
that you pretend you pretend something that you don't
have above all because if you want to
cover if you want to cover the
professional press of the sector when you
create an event of this type you don't
only call the press Rosa or or
digital you have to call the
professional press of the sector there are several
magazines and several publications where
all these topics come out both
hairdressing and aesthetics like
manicurists and so on and I
have not seen in any event that is covered by
that side I say yes Ah  that it was only next to the
famous one and such was not covered
Well I don't know Who has won these
golden no no no only of course
only the publication was covered
in a celebrity plan it focused on Rocío
Flores and we're not going and Camila and the
guests like that and that's it
but it is true that in the
hairdressing sector, makeup,
aesthetics, everything there are magazines and
publications of the professionals
that I thought were going to make an
appearance at these events
andado no then of course I say my goodness and
I did give it to them in the last one not the
previous two when we were all
well The first was the one where Marta Riesco
even went to a party she connected with the Golden
now there was the second one that was already
controversial because it was covered with interest in
SEO and another channel got angry because it was
covered in gossip and now the other one nobody
Then there was this third one that
nobody has found out about and now it's going for the fourth
in 2025 that we will see it
on peric s no s I don't know but it continues
counting conok continue announcing Rocío
Flores for  the ev yes that Rocío Flores yes
Rocío not that it be that she has another type of
events or work whatever it is I think
that his mentality is that
Rocío continues as presenter of the event there
Yes I think so Well we will see
because since she has disappeared in action we will
see clear if she has said something
bad about Anton Viid of course the daughter is not going
Antonio David that he does not let the daughter go
that he tells her not to go and it is that it is very
suspicious that he does not support him it is worth it he does not
have time that we do not believe it
because the others Yes before he had time
because now he does not But well but
that on Twitter he is not giving the
racket that he was one of the annoying ones on
Twitter is already very strange Of course because
who is not going to have time to put
four tweets of course of course I thought that
with María Patiño's sentence I thought she was going to
react and when I saw that there has
not been a reaction either I said Uy something
has happened
there weird eh Well and finally my
throat is getting bad aunt I hope I hope I hope I hope not no
no
but I am noticing and it was because
the daughter of a  Friend was sick even
Maria, the baby of a friend's daughter and
we met for lunch this weekend and
I'm with a sore throat and Leo
and the and the truth is that I hope not because it would
spoil my fun but anyway,
finally, we're going to deal with this because
there are a lot of people saying interpreting
these stories about Olga as a chick, I do
n't know how you all see the issue of
the sentence because Olga published this eh
the day the sentence comes out
then in the afternoon in the quicki
okay taking my daughter to school and
finding this I had to get out
of the car but this
the first morning H Yes Friday
morning Of course it's being the
sun is coming out of course I think that he put it just to
put it that he didn't even notice about the
sentence I don't think so, I didn't
relate it to the sentence either
because you told me Consuelo I think I did
because I'm very twisted I
Well but you're right eh the truth is that
B What's up Look you can say I
'm filling up with energy let's see I went to
take the minal institute I'm
filling up  of energy but eh go ahead and
strength happy weekend go ahead and strength
strength here and Adel we keep going
What problem do you have now
for not going ahead and having to
put it there on Instagram You know It's that
sometimes they are words that you have to
catch and read them because they really
bother me the in quotes happy end of for
everyone of course we keep going saying
except for some and he does this with his
arm I say
there not like an est de
cen Of course of course and then I see that María at
8 in the morning already had a lot of
calls and had the sentence and everything I
say well maybe she had already or
rather Antonio David had called him to
say lost you go and know
you go and
know that I normally don't see Olga
even connected with her own judgments
or rather her own judgments I don't
notice her as the typical person for example who is aware
of Hey now an
appeal is coming Hey we have presented this the
other I have always seen her with
her procedures as if she doesn't even know how it
works Yes I leave it to the lawyer nor even read
the demands to me no I don't want to even
read it but I  I gave it to the lawyer and the
lawyer is fixing it you know and and and I
don't see her and I don't know how she's better
answering some headline of some m
like you know that sometimes they put well
recently they put that Olga didn't have enough to make ends meet
or I don't know what oh yes yes
two weeks ago something something
like she couldn't make ends meet that she didn't
have a job that she didn't know a
job but she doesn't have the store she doesn't
have it online but the store the
online store but the store You see your online store won't
sell much and it's not like she
gives it much publicity the truth is that she does
n't work on Instagram she's not a
person who works on Instagram neither
for her store nor for
anything her Instagram is made of pitas
she goes around leaving
when she puts This is not like it's
normal for Olga because this is not
normal when you put it because there's something
behind it I mean you think she answers
something but of course we don't know What do you know
she always puts when they say that
things are bad her Two glasses of wine we already
know that she's with someone When then
she always goes around dropping little things on
Instagram and this precisely on the same
day of the sentence  with those
key words it could be Getting ready but but
no because until she said it Yes I
think she's going to participate in this
T dance thing I didn't realize I think that to
participate in the dance They would have
already chosen her for Friday to talk
about the Big Brother topic in the discussion
as she was with the survivors and
such And no But why is she going to talk
about Big Brother if she hasn't
been on Big Brother Well maybe it's because
Mimi the debates aren't there and she hasn't
been on Big Brother
Claro's girlfriend I see the one who I don't see much either the thing about I
see Jiménez who of course Jiménez
was on a ghb Yes but then there's
the girlfriend or there are people from
survivors too but she came out There's
Suso's girlfriend who left the
island of songs she went to
survivors she hasn't entered through Big
Brother and she's ah commenting on it in the
debates I don't know I think that yes she's going to
do something about that dance I think if
Olga needs Cash now she needs Well
of course she needs money then or
an exclusive telling such or some
reality or  something some movement is
approaching Christmas like Agustín He doesn't
stop supplying all this with
contestants and his representative
because I think that the next ones will win
in a contest of this type Look at that
until his daughter is of legal age he won't
say anything
Olga I agree
Well I think because he told us something eh
Wait and
see, he doesn't get lost, he doesn't see it as rubbish it's not the
same it's the same here he will be
preparing the live show that he has now
after with Ah he
has he has a live show man if it doesn't come out
because it's like already if something is missing come out
apologize there I say
I no no yes it's the same I already left him
a message now he can talk about
me it's the same it's the same Okay girls it has
n't been bad no what what I say that
well the schedule a little like that but look por
no man no but I hope that let's
see the guy well you know he
works at the gym he works he's
studying too and all that stuff
so we have to get used to it
but normally I hope he doesn't call me
there to train at 10 at night
because right now I feel like it of course
or  be me yours In the morning I
train hard and if I have to
take a moment to rest I take
a moment to rest and then other
days working
what are you doing with the kids today when you
come back from the gym man of course for the
kids it comes it's good because I don't have to
get up early therefore
surely at the wicked hour that the place is already
preparing it there will be there will be a live
there at the wicked hour but
well girls I don't know if you're going to do a
live now or something no no no
this week that you go at 8
I'll get there at 10 in your hour and a half at the
gym take advantage of it eye eye eh eye that you
are Coti 10 at night
well you have to always subscribe
no I don't put that one now you don't put
me in bed no sun well the likes don't
forget to leave the likes the sleepyheads
that I am don't forget to leave the likes
as I said okay subscribe to Consuelo
subscribe to tele indiscreta I hope that
next week Anne Elena FJ comes
too no  has been able to today because of the
schedule Because I had an appointment at 8 and I
said well he couldn't change it
but man we're going to be here every Monday
eh And whoever can Well also
here in the Corrillo that we have We have
given it this name that occurred to me
this afternoon looking for synonyms and
remind you that on Sundays and
Wednesdays Marina starts a kiss
beautiful family we are waiting for Marta
Marta come towards the light Come and Marta But
you know what's happening with Marta is that I do
n't want to bring her and bring up
Antonio David but it's going to be
inevitable almost but try to have
other topics to talk about Well then a
new partner of Alejandro caraz No
apart from Alejandro talks to her
about them he takes you to the circle with what it is that
in the end we end up there of course in the end
gossip program of the program of
what happens this behind the
cameras of such yes mar much ask
Marta I have to bring you I have to bring
Sandoval again eh Oh yes yes Ah yes I
love Sandoval me too I have to
bring him again Okay girls a
kiss to the three beautiful ones who
rest guys we'll see each other
Surely
they'll tell me to grab it FJ Wait I have
n't done it let's do it
man and I'm already running wait is
FJ already live because if he's not
live I can't be or not Or he has
something scheduled we'll do it Ray Antonio David what do we
do no he's not here the ugly one he's not here he's not here he's not here
the ugly one he's not here he's not here
yet to me no he's not here damn
Well then go go
analogically then when it starts
guys a kiss a kiss yes he has it